Hi my name is Jaime Hunter.
I'm the music specialist
at Birchmount School, and I'm here
to speak to you about what
it can look like in your schools
to implement some student performances,
and showcasing
what they're learning is.
So in my project,
looking at virtual school
exclusively music,
I'm one component of three teams
music, art and life skills.
And together we create a creative showcase
to showcase the work of our students.
We've worked with a few different formats
and this is definitely still
in development.
We really want to get this right,
and so we're moving
to our third term
with the creative showcases.
At first looked like small groups
rotating, sharing their music, watching,
the live skills being demonstrated
and then observing art within the school.
Interim two.
We had everyone together
watching the music performances.
We then had everyone go and see that,
displays of the life skills.
And then we had everyone
finished with the art and going
and seeing it in a gallery style.
We are working towards having parents
and guardians
and community members
come on in and see that too,
but we're open to seeing
what that looks like, taking what we like
from previous showcases and saying, okay,
what can we do better here?
And then
maybe ditching some stuff that didn't work
to showcase our students at their best?
It could be timeline.
It could be how many students
are in the same space together.
It could be moving towards maybe students
not having to watch each other's work
and let that be for our community
and school members too.
We don't know yet,
but we're looking forward to figuring out
what works
best for our students along the way.